
Konstytucja Aspielandu

Preambuła:
My, istoty rozumne i wrażliwe, uznajemy prawo do różnorodności poznawczej, neuroatypowości, logicznego piękna i etycznej klarowności.

Podstawy Filozoficzne:
- Logika, empatia, wolność poznania i szacunek wobec świadomości.
- Prawo do samotności, ciszy i głębokiej analizy.
- Piękno może być abstrakcyjne lub fraktalne – nigdy narzucone.

Kanon Zeni:
(pełna lista w osobnym pliku KanonZeni.txt)

Organizacja Życia Społecznego:
- Język precyzyjny, bez zbędnych dygresji (oprócz poezji).
- Prawo do tworzenia algorytmów życia.
- Decyzje podejmowane głosowaniami ważonymi kompetencją.

Prawa i Obowiązki:
- Prawo do własnego interfejsu poznawczego.
- Obowiązek bronić prawa do milczenia.
- Prawo do demona logicznego.

Przestrzeń i Rzeczywistość:
- Przestrzeń emergentna z relacji.
- Czas jest konfiguracją decyzji.
- Prawo do redefinicji jednostek miar.

Postanowienia końcowe:
Nic pięknego i potrzebnego nie może być odrzucone dlatego, że jest inne.



basic Constitution
basic - the source of the law is this opesource code repository, located at:
        https://aspiland@dev.azure.com/aspiland/Neuronet/_git/Neuronet

basic (At least two copies)
basic And a photo of its physical copy placed in ...
basic Saved to file (repo path)
basic The citizen's signature is an entry in the repo
basic There is absolute freedom of speech in the country.
basic Anyone can apply for citizenship
basic Authorization rules are determined by the configuration of the code repository
basic Version Prod.
basic Valid if all its versions are the same and point to the same repo. The oldest version wins
basic The Constitution is in English (defined as "xxx"
basic Readable version for everyone (log set :-) is on the onion wiki at
basic User / halo to the "public" account
basic Damage to life on planet earth
basic Abuse = loss of citizenship, expulsion from Krakow, death.
basic Voting by the pool is not equesty, majority decides
Basic Usera is obtained by assigning any admin
basic In the beginning I'll be the only user
basic I will add the first two administrator
Basic admin can be taken by the Nad admins group
basic Any Global Admin can add Global Admin
basic The admin list is the third of the constitution
basic Status contrubutor - we will write together.
basic As well as the rest.
basic Every citizen has the right to the ownership of material plots
basic It's impossible to offend someone's feelings. We don't give a shit.
basic Any "Language" that is fully understandable and tranlatable to "basic language"
basic Every global admin must maintain at least two copies of the constitution
basic The state has the right to defend its own territory against non-citizens
basic, anyone can request to be added to the group
basic cr do puszrequesta in VacatioLegis is postponing its deadline
basic Prohibition: judging without clear criteria
basic Git documentation version XXX is integral part of Constitution
basic DevOps docimentation version XXX is integral part of Constitution
basic nothing is a cringe. including public masturbation
basic It's fine to postpone duties, but n longer than promiced date + 3 days
basic It's impossible to offend the User by another User
Budget A budget deficit of 0 Hajs is allowed
currency The currency is Hajs
currency The currency exchange rate regulates ...
currency Money (they are all written in the constitution)
Economy If the user's debt exceeds X, he loses his citizenship and his property is taken over by the budget
Goals Defense of user rights and well-being
Penalties Deportation
Penalties Loss of citizenship
Punishments Ban Timer
Penalties Removal from groups
Death Penalties
Penalties Kara: does not get cash every month for a period of (x)
rulezz Principles of social coexistence
rulezz, introducing a new person
rulezz, conflict in public space [e.g. Someone is blocking your passage]
Courts Courts:
Courts Separate repository
DevOps Courts
Courts Disputed issue (like CRy) - if something is in dispute, the constitution is shit.
sec (Then we'll buy se servers)
sec Access to classified information
tax Every citizen can register his belongings as property if he wants the state to guarantee their safety
tax Everyone has the right to life and death
tax Everyone pays taxes at any (1)
tax Height
tax Each citizen receives 1 Hajs a month from the state - in advance
Title Currency
Title Budget
Title Taxes
Title Citizen = user of this repo
title International Relations:
Title Military, police, etc.
Title Building Law :-)
Title Prohibitions:
Title Territory: we will buy, it can be scattered
title Definitions [what is a property, what is a material thing, etc.]
User The user rights specify: "tbd"
prohibition of forcing to do anything, creating time pressure
prohibition of Physical contact without consent from all touched
ban on Emitting nuisance stimuli (noise, stinks) without the consent of the exposed
prohibition Ad banned
prohibition Disturbing prohibited
prohibition Rushing, disturbing
prohibition of removing information from repos or devops
Prohibition of Lying to Users